[Music]
[Applause]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1986 action film Top Gun so
let's get started the movie opens with
Navy pilot Pete maverick
Mitchell and Nick goose Bradshaw who are
sent to attend Top Gun the advance Navy
flight school after maverick intercepted
some enemy aircrafts at a bar
the day before Top Gun starts maverick
tries to and fails to pick up Charlotte
Charlie Blackwood and finds that she is
actually a Top Gun instructor during
training maverick defeats the instructor
jester but his reckless flying gets him
reprimanded by the chief instructor
Viper maverick also develops a rivalry
with another student nicknamed ice man
who thinks maverick is too dangerous
eventually Charlie and maverick develop
a romantic relationship through training
maverick begins to see the value of
teamwork during a competition maverick
and goose his plane goes into a spin
they jack and goose is killed the board
clears maverick of any responsibility
and gooses death but he is wracked with
guilt his instructor viper reveals that
he served with Mavericks father and was
in the battle where he was killed
Viper details his father's heroic death
and this helps maverick regain
confidence and he graduates maverick
Iceman and two other pilots Hollywood
and cougar are sent to aid a ship that
drifted into hostile waters they engage
with six hostile aircrafts and Hollywood
is shot down maverick is able to shoot
down three of the aircraft and Iceman
shoots down one and the other two enemy
aircrafts filleted maverick is offered
any assignment he chooses and he decides
to go back to Top Gun as an instructor
he meets up at a bar with Charlie as the
film ends so that was the spoilers for
Top Gun if you have another film you'd
like to see a spoil please of the snow
in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]